There's a little something I wanted to come back to here, and that is that we called.
Restaurant info, we called it restaurant info, but now we're using a card element.
So should we rename this?
Will you can you definitely can.
We can rename it to restaurant info card component and we can rename this restaurant info card.
And maybe that feels a bit better.
So it's about evaluating our choices here.
And of course, if we do that, we have to go and rename the references everywhere that they were used.
So for instance, here we use restaurant info that becomes restaurant info card, so.
We always have to evaluate what exactly it is we are using.
And that is extremely important, and you can see here, I'm still hitting an error, and that's also
because I have to change the name of this import.
And so when we do that.
Of course, renaming the info card now has become easy, so now we have a restaurant info card, which
makes a lot more sense in terms of a naming convention.
And this is also something that we're going to be going through in the course.
What naming conventions should we use y and kind of going through that practicality of evaluating our
code as we go?
Because evaluating our code is an extremely important thing.
We want to make sure that we write good code.
OK, so with that small little additions, small, little extra small little reflection point, then
I want to introduce these reflection points as we go, because we have to keep reflecting on what we're
building.
If we don't reflect on what we're building, we won't write the best code.